---
title: What is TimeChain Academy?
date: 17 DEC 2022
author: TCA author
description: What TimeChain Academy is all about and how to get started.
navigation: true
image: "posts/387210_timechain.png"
---

# What is TimeChain Academy?

Timechain Academy's goal is to teach motivated individuals with little prior knowledge how to participate in the Bitcoin and Lightning Open Source communities. We want to help people become productive members of these communities and make meaningful contributions.

The Bitcoin Free and Open Source (FOSS) community is vast, and filled with people from all walks of life, with various levels of experience. In order to better the industry as a whole we encourage people to get into FOSS from all different age ranges and educational levels. 

There are a lot of different ways to get involved in FOSS, and each one has its own set of benefits. Contributing to Open Source can help you learn new skills, make industry connections, and even build your portfolio. Plus, it's a great way to give back to the community that has given so much to you.

::PostImage
---
path: "/tca-bg-1500x500.jpg"
wd: 800
ht: 250
---
::

At [timechain.academy](https://timechain.academy), we believe that everyone should have access to the latest and greatest technology. That's why we're committed to providing a comprehensive curriculum at an affordable cost that covers all the basics of open source development. By foundations, we mean the core skills that every developer needs to know in order to be successful. This includes things like version control, code review, and collaboration.

Not only is this approach great for beginners, but it's also valuable for experienced developers who want to learn more about open source development. By providing a foundation skill set, an individual can start at Timechain and develop enough confidence to enter more demanding higher level courses. We hope to make open source development more accessible to everyone.

# I want in! How do I get started? 

Great! Here's two places to help expand your mind:

1. [Interact](https://timechain-web.vercel.app/posts/howtousesite) with this Site directly.

2. [Connect](https://timechain-web.vercel.app/connect) with us on twitter, discord or github.



