---
title: How to Use this Site
description: How to get involved by interacting directly with this site. Anybody can edit!
navigation: true
author: TCA Author
draft: false
date: 17 DEC 2022
image: posts/340149_timechain.png
---

# How to use this Site

The TimeChain Academy Site is a living document and a work in progress. Everyone is welcome to update content, and its very easy as its all in Markdown format. If you're unfamiliar with markdown, [markdownguide.org](https://markdownguide.org) is a good site to get started with learning markdown. If you're new to Github, here's a guide on [how to use markdown with Git.](https://github.com/skills/communicate-using-markdown)

There are effectively two sites for TimeChain Academy (TCA). The first is the site you are looking at the TimeChain Academy Website. The other site is [Timechain Library](https://timechain-docs.vercel.app) which is the content library curated by members collectively. 

## TimeChain Web: 4 Places to Update Content

To Edit or Add content, look for the Edit links with the + icon. 

1. **The Event page** - Onn this page anyone can list a seminar/course and provide a link to a custom page. 

2. **The 1 on 1 sessions** page is for instructors. If you wish to teach or provide services, please add yourself.

3. **Build page**- if you have a project you're working on and want to showcase it, we welcome additions!

4. Finally the **Blog page** welcomes posts. A Big Call for content here please! 

## Timechain Library

Last but not least, there is a separate [TCA Library site](https://timechain-docs.vercel.app/) that hosts reference content for the academy. Submissions welcome! Just look for the "edit this page" link on the right hand side menu. 

::PostImage
---
path: "/posts/gears_timechain.png"
wd: 800
ht: 400
---
::